That's why Liu Xi asked him to cause a car accident
Then Mrs. Saw's car accident
Would be considered an accident
If things come to light
His catkins can still fly away
Hey, do you two stay together every day to investigate?
How is that possible?
Of course we went it alone.
Then how did you investigate the exact same information?
It seems that you are on the same channel.
How could I possibly be on the same page as this fool?
fool
Growing up, no one ever called me a fool.
how
Am I wrong? Aren't you a fool?
That's okay.
If he can't get married, you can marry him
I'll marry her. Dream on.
Grandpa, what are you thinking about?
I'm thinking about what my mom told me when I was a kid
My dad is also alcohol immune
Hey, that's right.
The truck at that time